>> Estelle Weyl: So let's go on to
the next feature which is placement,
placing the grid item.
So earlier, I talked about the grid
lines and the grid lines are in red and
the grid items are in blue.
So if you see, I have a three by three
grid but I have four grid lines.
One, two, three and four, across and down.
So when I place an item I say, basically,
at which grid line does it start and
it which grid line does it end, both in
the direction of the row and the column?
So I have four properties for that or
several even more than four properties.
I can say my item,
grid rows start at two, so
it starts at the second line and
it ends at the fourth row grid line.
And it starts at the column start
of the second grid line which is
right in front of the second column.
And it ends at the fifth column line
which is after the fourth column.
>> Estelle Weyl: There's actually
shorthand for grid-row-start and
grid-row-end, which is just grid-row.
So you put the number and
then you put a slash.
>> Estelle Weyl: And then, there's also
a shorthand for grid-column-start and
grid-column-end, which is
just grid-column 2 / 5.
So the grid-column start,
slash grid-column end.
And then I could do short hand,
and basically say, grid row start,
grid column start,
grid row end, grid column end.
And I hope you all memorized that.
It's a little bit complex, but
just remember, go start start, end end.
So let's play with this right away.
Here I have grid row start at two,
grid row end at four.
So it's starting at the second line.
Third line, fourth line, so
it's good from 2 to 4, so
those are the rows that it goes through.
And then it says which
columns is it going through?
It's starting at the second column line,
and it goes to the fifth.
I could do,
>> Estelle Weyl: And
that's the exact same thing, right?
And I could do grid column to five, and
that's the same thing.
Now if I wanna do just grid
area,
>> Estelle Weyl: That's not what we want.
We actually want two and five and
that brings it back to the same thing.
Because it was, it's grid,
row, start, grid-column-start,
grid-row-end, grid-column-end.